My goal is to get rejected a thousand times in 2026 and I'm so excited for this because one
is going to help me to actively practice delusion. Two, the worst that they could say is no.
Three, you never know who you can meet. The random person that you ask a question could change your
life. Four, it's going to make me practice my free will a lot more. It's going to make me do more
side quests. Five, you never know the opportunities that you can make whether in your work or a huge
brand opportunity, brand trip, you know, like, and the world is yours. It's going to make me more
bolder, less shy. The rejection therapy is going to make me less sensitive to
rejection. I think it's just such an all-around great practice and that this is
one of the best internet advice that I've seen in a very long time and I'm still
excited to try it.